While most AWS services have limits to be concerned with,
S3 static websites have none.
The only limits they have is in relation to normal S3 limits.
CloudFront, however, does have a few limits to be aware of.
Most of them are just soft limits on the number of resources,
but there are some limits on how you configure your distributions.
You can only have a single SSL certificate on a distribution,
so you'll have to expect multiple distributions in your
design if you require multiple certs.
There is no limit on the number of objects that CloudFront can serve,
and only a soft limit on the number of distributions.
There are limits with invalidations that I mentioned earlier,
and those are not soft limits, so do be very cautious with that.
But other than those few caveats, CloudFront can likely handle whatever you throw at it.